arielleb, adi.simhi
Arielle Barouch (205925704), Adi Simhi (206921165)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp
uthreads.hpp
Thread.cpp
Thread.hpp
makefile

REMARKS:

ANSWERS:

1. Advantages of user level threads:
    * The kernel is not aware of the threads, therefor moving from one thread to another can be done without
        the operating system.
    * The user can have preferences as to which threads run at which time and for how long, and is not limited
        to the algorithm of the operating system.
    * The user can run the code on every operating system because the threads exchange is not dependant on the
        operating system.
2. Advantage: Each tab has its own process and therefor has its own memory in which data and files are stored.
                That gives extra defence against malware attacks that can use the fact that a web page can access
                another web page memory in case of kernel level threads.
   Disadvantages: Communication between processes has higher overhead than thread communication, as well as moving
                    from one process to another. Different threads use the same data and same code.

3.  There are constant interrupts of the keyboard when we used it to find the pid and type the kill command (SIGINT
    interrupts).
    The command: "kill + pid" sent a signal to kill the process Shotwell. The kill signal is SIGTERM
    that invokes the handler of the signal that causes the process to end.

4.
    Virtual time: time as percieved by the process itself, only when the process runs.
    example: If we want two threads to run with equal time for each thread we will use virtual time to make sure
                that each thread had the same total amount of time, for example if we have a game of two players
                each one has a turn to play with limited time.
    Real time: time as runs on the system clock, regardless if the process runs or not.
    example: If we want threads to be synchronized to the global system time, for example if we have a site that sells
                in auction, every item has an expiration time in which the highest offer gets it. For that, we need high
                synchronization among all threads involved so the sell will be fair and we will know for sure who got
                the item.
